Stella: My God...I can finally repair the terminal and actually call for help. I can finally leave this horrible place.
Isaac, Will, Jamie...Layla...Captain Donovan...I'm so sorry...so so sorry. 
After I get off this damn ship, I'll make sure to give you all proper burials....time to get out of here.

Stella: There! It should be fully operational now! Okay, I just sent out a signal.
...
Come on, come on...someone please pick it up...
...
Oh my God! Someone actually did! Oh thank God! Hello?! 
This is Stella Kern reporting from the USS Ancora...Can anyone hear me? Hello?! Please someone...please answer...

Unknown Voice: usnf...hsgt nhane?

Stella: H-huh? What...I...don't understand? Why the hell isn't the built-in interpreter working?! 
P-please, I'm just trying to get off this ship...I need help, please!

Unknown Voice: Jeohns, vaben dm doweuem and fear suits your kind well...

Stella: Wait...the interpreter is working...wh-what did you just say? Who is this?

Mustafal Zabra: I am Mustafal Zabra, Ruler of the ProtoXylons. 
I want to thank you for reaching out to my people. I've been eagerly awaiting your signal...

Stella: Musta..fal? Please, I need your help! I-

Mustafal Zabra: Did you like it? Xylo, I mean.

Stella: W-what?

Mustafal Zabra: My planet. Did you like it, human?

Stella: I don't understand...

Mustafal Zabra: It's everything you humans need, yes? For your new planet?

Stella: Y-yes...how-

Mustafal Zabra: But how unfortunate...you never made it to Xylo
...never had the chance to selfishly exploit its resources
...never had the chance to take advantage of those who reside there.

Stella: Wait, what? We'd never do that! We're compassionate by nature, we'd-

Mustafal Zabra: Compassionate? You dare call yourself compassionate? 
Where was that compassion when you humans waged war against my people, enslaved our women, murdered our children
...all to look for new land to colonize and populate with your kind. 
You dare call your people compassionate when it was them who gutted our men and burned our villages? 
We welcomed your kind to our planets and cities...offered hospitality, food, drink and places to rest. 
Then one night, I was awakened by the screams of my people and gazed in utter horror as I saw my towns in flames. 
Your...compassionate people...destroyed so many lives. It took us months to drive them out of our planetary system.

Stella: T-that can't be true...we'd never do anything like that!

Mustafal Zabra: ...since then, we've isolated ourselves from others. 
We've learned from our mistakes and I am now ready to execute my plan...and it's all thanks to you, Stella Kern.

Stella: H-huh? W-what are you talking about?

Mustafal Zabra: Xylo's sole purpose was to lure in naive humans like you. 
I created Xylo to be the perfect paradise for your people
...and I only needed one human who was ignorant enough to take the bait. 
Now that we know exactly where you are, my people will arrive shortly to pay you a visit. 
We will use your ship's information to track down other humans and begin our universe-wide genocide of your species. 
None of this could have been done without you, my dear and thus, I sincerely thank you with every fiber in my body. 
I promise...your death won't be as painful as the others.
