Stella: ...it's empty.

(seems to be a torn page. The bottom reads "Encyclopedia of All Known Species")
...the Katibisk are a recently discovered group known to have originated from the eastern side of the universe, though specifics are unknown.
The Katibisk are known for their elephant-like tusks and vibrant green skin; they are a peaceful and welcoming group who express themselves through many fascinating festivals and traditions.
As of the date of publication of this book, there are only three known holidays the Katibisk celebrate; Juniko, a week of joyous music festivals to celebrate the memory of fallen warriors;
Hanakuma, a day dedicated to embracing hospitality by inviting neighbors, friends, family, and even strangers to the home for a grand celebration of happiness;
Yanikini, a day dedicated to honoring the elders and their wisdom by providing all the elderly with any and all services, free of charge.

(seems to be from some sort of encyclopedia regarding NASA spaceships)
...The Ancora was built by astronomist and architect Andrew Ludenburg in 2007, making it NASA's third oldest spacecraft to still roam the deep space regions.
Ludernburg aimed at creating a 'tech masterpiece that was only ever seen in Sci-fi movies,' and with the help of NASA engineers and builders, Ludenburg was able to make his dream come true.
Despite it being a pricey project, the Ancora was hailed by the people as the most technologically advanced ship of the early 2000s.
It's fuel efficiency and ability to self-repair minor software bugs and hardware malfunctions captivated the early 2000s generation.
Since then, the ship has been utilized by dozens of teams and has frequently been mentioned on media outlets. 
Although old, the ship still runs and has yet to officially retire from space travel.

(seems to be torn from a journal)
...I don't know what to do. Michael called me last night saying he wants to break off the engagement...says he's found another woman...someone who's 'actually willing to devote time to a relationship.'
It's not like I'm doing it on purpose! I'm a doctor on a yearly contract, what am I suppose to do about it?! I bet he just lost interest...they always do.
-Jamie (09/16)