Note 1: (seems to be a letter that was never sent out) Today is the day, October 18th! My very first time working as an engineer for NASA!
	You and me have both been waiting for this day for a while now right, Mom? I mean...I can finally start helping with payments...and don't you worry, I'll pay off all the money we owe to the accademy.
	But with that said...I uh, don't know when I'll be back home, but never think for one second that I won't be thinking about you everyday. 
	My love is with you, Mom. Thank you for everything.
	-Isaac
	  

Note 2: (it's...written in blood) Heather for give me. Love you  I I need you. I'm so rry I'm so sor ry. Hea ther
	hel  p me. 
	I wan  t M aama. I wa  nt my Ma  ma
	(...the rest is illegible) 

Note 3: (seems to be torn from a journal) The Ancora, huh? Never heard of this heap of junk before. I mean, when the hell was this ship even built? The 2000s?
	This damn ship keeps falling apart every coupla weeks and guess who has to fix all the problems!? Everytime it's, 'oh hey, Jamie can you fix this' or 'hey, you mind fixing that?'
	I'm a doctor not a damn mechanic! Shouldn't Isaac be in charge of that stuff?
	It's a shame I was reassigned to a different crew, at least at the Ramyon, I actually practiced medicine. This is a damn joke.
	-Jamie (03/19)

Note 4: (this is the captain's handwritting) Well...I didn't thin k I'd goo o ut li kee this. Helen...Stevie..m y litt le Becca.So so sor ry
	(...the rest is illegible)

Note 5: (there is a picture of a family at a park attached to the paper) To whoever finds this letter...please send it to 3100 Normada Stn. 
	(the letter reads...) Helen, I'm not coming home anytime soon. Something's wrong with the ship and our crew can't figure out what the issue is. Why does NASA even use ships that are this old?
	Have to talk to the council about this. Anyways, forgive me, darling. I have you and the kids in my heart, always. Remember that time we took Becca and Steven to that old park at the Fentino Station out West?
	Yeah, that was a great day. I'll be missing days like those. Love you, Helen.
	-Donny

Note 6: (seems to be torn from a journal) I can't believe it. One year ago today, I was a cadet anxiously waiting for my PACT results to see if I made the cut, and now, I'm a full fledged navigations expert, working for NASA.
	The team I was assigned to is so kind and knowledgable...well, at least they come off that way. I heard from my friends at the academy that the Ancora is one of NASA's oldest working ships to date and 'with age comes a deep rooted history' they say.
	All I know for sure is that I am beyond excited to be a part of the global mission to find other habitable planetary systems for us humans!
	-Will (09/21)

Note 7: (seems to be torn from a journal) Captain Don has found a planetary system called Xylo not too far from where we are now that supposedly is human habitable.
	I'm guiding the team to the location as I'm write this down. I can't even begin to comprehend this situation...we might be the team that finds our next solar sytem.
	Everyone is pretty anxious...here's to hoping that Xylo is the one!
	-Will (12/13)

Note 8: (seems to be from some sort of encyclopedia regarding NASA spaceships) ...the Ramyon was built in 2127 by NASA Electrical Engineer, Lee Benson.
	Benson was an ambitious cadet who excelled in mathematics and the sciences and as a result, graduated top of his class with a promising job already waiting for him.
	Benson was the lead electrical engineer and architect for one of the most prestigious ships NASA has the pleasure of calling its own.
	The Ramyon hosts up to 210 crew members at a time and only ever requires to dock at a nearby station for energy cell stock-up. 
	The self-repairing ship can go up to six months with the same energy cell. 

Stella: Ugh...what happened? Did...we crash? We were going to check that planetary system, Xylo was it? Yeah...but what the hell happened?
	I think I'm alright, no bruises or broken bones. I need to see if the others are okay before evaluating the ship.

Stella: Dear Lord...he's...dead.

Stella: Jesus Christ, he's...

Stella: My God, no..t-the Captain's dead.
	What do I do? What do I do?! I'm alone!
	I...I need to send out a signal.
	I need to go to the communications room and send out an SOS signal now! 

Stella: ...she's dead.

Stella: H-he's dead.

Stella: Damn it! It's locked!
	The door won't open under emegency lockdown unless I have two omnicards...I need to search the rooms.

Stella: Found a keycard!

Stella: Found a keycard! 

Stella: No way I'm getting in there.

Stella: Damn it! It's locked!
	The door won't open under emegency lockdown unless I have two omnicards...I need to search the rooms.

Stella: I should go into the communications room and send out a SOS signal before I do anything else.