(seems to be a torn page. The bottom reads "Encyclopedia of All Known Species")
...Homo Sapiens, more commonly known as Humans, have been accredited for several discoveries in the sciences, including the discovery of the specially targeted CFD dendritic cells which bind to infected "self" cells (i.e. cancer cells) ultimately curing all forms of cancer.
Although seen as an overall charitable species, Humans played a vital role in the Earth's destruction due to selfishness of planetary resources and global pollution. 
Humans are now in search of a new planet to call home and have launched a universe-wide campaign to seek a new habitable planetary system. 
So far however, the search has proven unsuccessful.

(it's titled "October 2134 Medical Log") 
10/02 - Isaac fell down a ladder in the engine room. Dislocated his leg; had to set it in place. Estimated recovery time: 1 to 2 weeks
10/11 - Stella came to me w/ fever. Gave her some standard flu medicine. Estimated recovery time: 1 to 2 days
10/21 - Captain Donovan had a persistant cough. Gave him some allergy medication. Estimated recovery time: 24 hours
10/24 - Layla reported suffering from acute stomach pain; gave her some pain killers. Told her to keep me posted. Estimated recovery time: 12 to 24 hours
10/31 - Isaac broke his arm. Had to cast it. Gave him some pain killers. Some Halloween, huh? Estimated recovery time: 6 to 8 weeks

(seems to be a torn page. The bottom reads "Encyclopedia of All Known Species")
...ProtoXylons are a humanoid-amphibien hybrid species said to be one of the oldest to have ever existed.
Not much is known about the species due to their overall hostility towards others. 
However, a few equally ancient species claim that ProtoXylons were once a festive and charming group who would welcome even the most bitter individuals into their towns.
No one truly knows why ProtoXylons isolated themselves from others but many have hopes that the group will one day revert back to their pleasant selves.

(seems to be a torn page. The bottom reads "Encyclopedia of All Known Species")
...Nandrodyls are thin, tree-like beings with the intelligence quotient of ten human males combined. 
These creatures are said to have come from the West and are credited for the discovery of H-lymphocytes,
more commonly known as the Healing Cells, those cells that, when injected into the body, increase life expectancy of any species by 30 to 35 years.
Nandrodyls are highly respected among other groups due to their generous contributions to the sciences.

(seems to be torn from a journal) Yesterday we received another strange transmission from an unknown location. This time, the built-in interpreter failed to translate the message entirely.
Dunno if this is someone's idea of a joke or if this is a legitimate call for help or maybe even a threat but...the captain told me to just ignore weird messages like these.
Kinda gets me thinkin' though...what if it is someone trying to call for help?
-Will (12/12)